++VXDISK
--Called from VXWRT (obsolete)

                    -----------  WARNING  -----------
You have specified DISK in the TAPEINI section for one or more stations. This
VEX file can not be processed at the current time (2004 Jan 7). You must
schedule for tapes to produce a valid VEX file. For testing purposes *ONLY*,
parameter VEXTEST may be specified in the key file. Observations not requiring
a VEX file (e.g. VLBA correlated in Socorro) should *not* specify parameter
DOVEX in the key file.

++astropatch
--Called from CHK4DAR

The frequency setup you have specified is not allowed for a MkIV station.
Astronomical patching at MkIV stations is restricted such that odd numbered
BBCs can only receive signal from IF channels 1N and 2A, and even numbered BBCs
receive signal from IF channels 2N and 1A (also every setup must use at least
one of either 1N or 2N). Probably you have specified an 'IFCHAN', or you have
specified a 'BBC' and 'POL' combination that is incompatible with this. Try
using SCHED defaults instead of explicit setting of 'IFCHAN' or 'BBC'.


++slowdatarate
--Called from CHK4REC
--Called from CHKJIVE

You have requested a track bit rate below 4 Mb/s/track. This is not permitted
for recordings going to the EVN correlator at JIVE. If this experiment is going
to JIVE you can increase the track bit rate by either increasing the total data
rate or decreasing the fanout of the recording.

++barrelroll
--Called from CHKJIVE

You have requested barrel rolling. This is not possible for the JIVE correlator
at the current time. It is allowed for experiments to be correlated in Socorro
or Bonn. Testers *only* may specify MODETEST.

++ftpgap
--Called from VXSCH

You have requested an ftp (GRAB) scan. In order to copy the data from the Mk5A
disk to the system disk you must leave a gap before the next scan so that this
can be done before the next scan begins. The minimum safe gap, based on the
amount of data you have requested to transfer, is given in the messages above.

++oversamp
--Called from CHKJIVE
One or more of the channels in one or more of your setups uses oversampling.
Experiments going to the EVN correlator at JIVE may use a maximum oversampling
factor of 4. Higher oversampling factors cannot be correlated.

++tsysgap
--Called from VXSCH
For MkIV stations (e.g. most of the EVN) the calibration diode is only fired
during gaps in recording. Although the total power is monitored continuously
during scans, the calibration diode must be fired regularly to allow these
total power levels to be accurately converted to system temperatures. It is
recommended that, where possible, you leave a gap in recording at least every
15 minutes to allow the system temperature measurements. The gap should be at
least 15 seconds, but you should also try to ensure that these gaps are long
enough that all the antennas are on source before the next scan starts. Note
that warnings about Westerbork can be safely ignored.

++tsysoffsrc
--Called from VXSCH
Note that although you may have left gaps during which the system temperature
can be measured at MkIV stations, one or more stations are still slewing at the
scan starts. System temperatures measured when the antennas are slewing are
unlikely to be useful. The time between useful Tsys measurements is therefore
likely to be longer than the recommended 15 minutes at the stations listed
above. Note that warnings about Westerbork can be safely ignored.

++end

